JULIA:
Chester's Mill is a place like any other.
At least it used to be.
Until we were cut off from the rest
of the world by a mysterious dome.
Invisible, indestructible,
and completely inescapable.
We're trapped.
JULIA: We don't know where
it came from or why it's here.
But now that we 're all trapped
under the dome together,
none of our secrets are safe.
- It's the pink stars.
JOE: They're making constellations.
What does it mean?
JULIA:
Peter got in over his head
and forced you to kill him
to defend yourself.
I found this
life insurance policy today.
This would be void
if he committed suicide.
BARBIE: Hello, Max.
- For the past eight days,
I've been watching you.
Anything bad happens to me,
your secrets still come out.
AGATHA:
That's my daughter Maxine.
[GUN COCKS]
Now do me a favor
and drop that gun.
- Agatha!
- Please.
[GASPING]
It's amazing.
It's still just a barn, Galileo.
ANGIE: So all the dots in that egg
made constellations.
But what does that mean?
Maybe the dome's trying
to communicate.
It stopped the riots with the rain,
made us babble about pink stars.
I wonder what it's trying
to tell us now.
I don't know.
But these four stars aren't
part of any constellation.
I think they're us.
JUNIOR:
What's this guy have to do with it?
Hey, it changed color overnight
from green to clear.
- You can see wings now.
- It's a monarch.
It's gonna hatch into a butterfly.
It's pretty rad.
It's not rad, it's insane!
We're like the guardians of some
secret cosmic mystery.
It's too much, it's too much.
We've gotta tell somebody.
The dome's been pretty clear about not
wanting anyone else to know about it.
When Dodee snuck in here, she got
zapped and wound up in the hospital.
We could tell Julia.
When she touched this thing,
she said my ghost told her
that the monarch will be crowned.
Maybe she's not one of us,
but she might have some answers.
JUNIOR:
He's right.
That thing's gonna hatch,
and when it does,
maybe it will lead us to something,
or someone.
Like the monarch's a person.
Like a king maybe.
Who might be able
to bring the dome down.
All right, so the dome trusts Julia.
Joe, go tell her.
I just wanna make sure
we're on the same page.
So you, Duke Perkins
and Reverend Coggins
conspired to acquire
a vast amount of propane?
Yeah, we bought propane
off the books.
But only to keep this town afloat.
By selling it to Maxine Seagrave,
a drug dealer?
But you kept some of it
in your warehouse.
And you can thank the Lord
that we did.
Because right now in the middle
of this nightmare, the lights are on.
Because your generator
is running using my propane.
The diner's open
because of my propane.
We're setting up irrigation for crops,
bartering systems.
Hell, Chester's Mill mayjust stay alive
because of my propane.
You think I'm a crook?
I think I'm owed a damn parade.
You know, it doesn't change the fact
that if this dome hadn't come down,
you'd be in jail.
I'd say it saved your ass, Big Jim.
So go ahead.
Charge me with conspiracy
to keep the lights on.
Or you can go after a real criminal.
And who might that be?
Someone who's a real mystery
in this town.
A man who just got here.
Who's only out for himself.
And isn't shy about
letting people know it.
- How was the couch?
- Lonely.
So was the bed.
Do you want me to leave?
I want you to take me
to Peter's grave.
For us to move forward,
I need closure. I think you do too.
So, yeah,
I need to see Peter's grave.
I'll go get dressed.
LINDA:
You want me to go after Barbie?
- What did he ever do?
- Wake up, Linda.
Barbie wasn't just passing through
Chester's Mill.
He was here
working for Max Seagrave.
- He was?
- As her gambling enforcer.
He was here putting the screws
to people in this town, our town.
- No, this sounds--
- Crazy? Till it's true.
Here's a name you haven't heard
in a while. Peter Shumway.
He was up to his eyeballs
in debt to Max.
Barbie was with him the day the dome
came down, and guess what.
Haven't heard a peep
from old Peter since.
Some people have secrets
you couldn't imagine.
- What about you?
- I'm an open book.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I got it.
Can I help you?
Right now
you can't even help yourself.
[COUGHS]
BARBIE:
Julia!
Hold on.
- Linda, are you there?
LINDA [OVER RADIO]: I’m here.
- Julia's been shot.
- What?
She answered the door
and somebody shot her.
- Who?
- I don't know!
If you can believe him.
Linda, listen, I can't drive and keep her
from bleeding out at the same time.
I need someone to give me a ride.
- I'll be right there, Barbie.
- Linda, think.
Think.
- You hungry?
- Yeah.
Well, our chickens are still laying eggs.
I can scramble some up.
Can you believe it, Angie?
Uh, no, it's all been pretty crazy.
I mean us.
|... |, uh...
I never thought fate was real.
That there was this plan.
- But now it's undeniable.
- What are you talking about?
The way our lives are braided together,
and they will be forever.
What? Are you insane?
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
You kept me prisoner, okay?
I almost died down there!
But you didn't.
We're both alive
and we're here right now.
It is the four of us
who are connected.
It is not about you and me.
It will never be about you--
- I don't believe you.
- Believe it!
We will never be together!
And if somehow we make this dome
come down, then I am gone too.
And you will never see me again.
- Then I'm out.
- What?
I'm done with you, with this,
the mini-dome, all of it.
You can't just walk out.
We need your--
My hand? I know.
My hand on the little dome
so we can make pink stars and do
whatever the hell else it wants to do.
This might be our only shot. Heh.
And you're gonna ruin that
out of spite?
I've never met someone so selfish!
[WIND HOWLING]
It's love, Angie.
I'd rather live in here and die in here
than ever be apart from you.
[ENGINE SPUTTERING]
Damn it!
Great, now even the cops
are getting ripped off.
I need a ride!
Stop your vehicle!
- Are you carjacking me?
- Phil, I need a ride to Julia's.
- She just got shot.
- Get in.
BARBIE: Joe!
- Barbie?
- Hey, get in here right now!
- Oh, my God.
- Can you drive?
- I have my learner's permit,
but the guy said
I didn't check my mirrors.
Just help me get her in the car now.
Come on, let's sit her up.
Let's go. Sit her up.
Get the door! Get the door!
[BARBIE GRUNTING]
- Are we good?
- Yeah, we're good. Go!
What the hell?
Hell's right here. You want a ride?
You just happen to be
in the neighborhood?
It'll be nice to get a little bit of rain.
You and I need to talk.
- Somebody shot Julia Shumway.
- It's a perilous world we live in.
I know it was you.
Well, Barbie said the one word
a girl hates to hear: "No."
- Where is this going, Max?
- That's up to you, Jimmy.
Life's all about making
the right choices.
You make the right one, you play nice,
and it's good between us.
- You step out of line like Barbie did...
- Lucky for me I'm single.
Oh, I'm sure there's someone
around here you care about.
JUNIOR:
Dad.
Go on to work, Junior.
Well, look who I finally get to meet.
- Junior, hi. I'm a friend of your dad's.
- Hi.
Wow, you're a Rennie, all right.
Those eyes, it's like...
It's like I'm looking
right at your mom.
I bet you face a lot of danger
being a police officer,
and I bet your dad is just constantly
worried about you, huh?
- All right, that's enough, Max.
MAX: I better get going.
I have some business to attend to
on Bird Island.
The weather's acting up. I'm not sure
it's a great time to be on the water.
Aren't you sweet to think about me?
Your dad, he is so thoughtful,
to the end.
I'll be at the factory later on
if you need me. Ciao.
- Who was that?
- The devil.
[BELLS RINGING]
Julia! Julia, hey, hey, hey,
stay with me.
You gotta hurry, Joe.
She's crashing.
I'm working on it.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
- Sorry.
- You're doing great. Just get us there.
JOE: It's pretty bad up there.
- It'S pretty bad back here too, Joe.
I mean, it'S notjust weather.
It'S the dome. I think it'S angry at uS.
I got Julia. Go ahead,
pop the trunk, plug thiS thing in.
- We gonna need the juice.
- Okay.
[BARBIE GRUNTING]
Barbie!
Let's get her inside!
Put her in the second room.
Yeah, right there.
So it'S a through-and-through, then?
- There's no bullet to remove?
- Right.
Sounds like She's taking in air
through the wound.
We've gotta relieve this pressure
or else it'll crush her heart and lungS.
Please, somebody,
a tree fell on our garage.
My husband was inside.
He's not breathing.
Go get me a piece of plastic tubing
so we can relieve the pressure
in her chest here.
- This place is picked clean.
- I'll make do with a pen, plastic bag.
Grab some alcohol.
Pen, plastic bag, the alcohol.
How do you know how to do all this?
I had to chest tube
my team sergeant in Fallujah.
What happened to him?
[THUNDER CRASHING]
I thought everybody had to
turn in their guns.
I'm not everybody.
Dad, what's going on?
That woman Max.
She's gonna take everything
I worked for and destroy it.
What do you mean?
Son, I've been doing my damndest
to get things back to normal,
make the trains run on time.
Max iS trying to fill those trains
with drugs and liquor
and every kind of Sick vice
human beings can get into.
She seems nice enough to me.
Well, thatjust Shows you don't know
what the hell you're talking about.
She's angry, Junior, at me.
And She wants to hurt me
by hurting you.
Then let me help you.
- I can handle this.
- Dad, I can help.
- Junior, no.
- I'm a man. I can do something.
Junior, no!
Single dad raising a kid.
I did the best I could.
- But you still punish me for it.
- I know I have, but not anymore.
Look, son, with someone like Max...
I don't know how this ends.
- Dad, don't say that.
- It'S the truth.
You stay in the house.
Do not open the door
for anybody but me.
Do you hear me?
Lightning.
I wonder if that changes anything.
All right, okay.
MAN 1 [ON SPEAKER]:
Imagery transmission.
Transmitting UHF adapter.
SA TCOM.
You're kidding me. It's working again.
All right, come on, baby. Speak clearly.
MAN 2: Afﬁrm.
MAN 1: It's Barbie. We've conﬁrmed it.
- Barbie?
MAN 2: Yes, sir.
MAN 1: We reviewed the tape
from visitors' day.
There 's no question
that's Dale Barbara in there.
MAN 2: Roger that.
He ’3 the one we ’ve been looking for.
[BANGING ON DOOR]
[BANGING CONTINUES]
[SCREAMS]
- What the hell are you doing?
- I could aSk you the same thing.
Well, don't bother Shooting me!
You're about to
get the whole town killed!
- What?
- Junior, look at what it'S doing!
- What iS that?
- It'S sending a message.
You have to come back to the group.
It takes all of uS, or we're nothing!
It'S talking to us, Junior. To you!
What, so now I control the weather?
ThiS thing has done a lot of crazy stuff,
but never this.
Not until you turned your back on us.
JOE:
Barbie?
[G RU NTS]
I'm good.
[MACHINE BEEPING]
- What's happening?
- Her heart stopped.
There's too much pressure.
- Unh!
- Ugh.
What are you doing?
Sucking out the extra air
out of her chest.
We gotta ride it out
down in the Shelter!
No, are you nutS?
We have to go be with Joe and Norrie!
My dad said to stay here.
Junior, do you want to make this right?
Then come with me.
Not because I am
promising you anything,
but because the dome is telling you
what you're supposed to do,
to be with us.
- We need you.
- You need me, Angie.
Fine, I need you.
Now come on!
Come on, we gotta go!
Angie!
Aah!
See?
I was right.
[MACHINE BEEPING RAPIDLY]
[MACHINE CHIRPS
THEN BEEPS STEADILY]
It worked.
- You did it.
- I had a little help, Joe.
Storm'S breaking up. I gotta go now.
I have to tell them.
- You have to tell who?
- You saved Julia.
Just like you saved me
when the dome came down.
Maybe you're here to save all of us.
- I don't think so, bud.
- Junior was right.
The monarch's a person.
That person's you.
[GRUNTING]
Oh, Mom.
BARBIE:
Hey, listen, I don't want to leave her,
but I gotta go take care
of something, so could you--?
- She and I aren't going anywhere.
- Thank you.
- Julia okay?
- Barely.
Still, you know it'S Max
who Shot her, right?
Yeah, and I also know that
it'S time to stop her.
It Should take both of uS to do it.
But we're gonna do this
by my rules, Jim.
- We're taking Max alive.
- Oh, great.
So we'll be high and mighty
and dead.
That's all you know, isn't it,
kill or be killed?
You're not saving Chester's Mill,
you're eating this town alive.
- You have no idea what it takes.
- We do this,
and then you and I, we're finished.
I've Spent the last two weeks
trying to convince myself
- that we want the same thing.
- We do.
No, I want a future.
I want something
that I can build towards.
- You want a kingdom.
- This town needs a leader.
Not your kind.
Made a few mistakes, but nobody
loves this town better than I do.
No, you love power, Jim. That's it.
Now, we take down Max
and we are done.
And then I'm gonna do whatever
I have to do
to make sure that
I knock you off of your throne.
- Norrie, where's Joe?
- I don't know.
He went to go talk to Julia
and hasn't come back.
He must still be there, right?
He wouldn't try to come back
in this storm.
- We barely made it ourselves.
- Yeah, that was SO weird.
- It came out of nowhere.
- Yeah, maybe not.
- You guys.
- Joe, where have you been?
NORRIE: Where's Julia?
- She got Shot.
ANGIE: What?
- Yeah, in the chest.
And then She died for a minute,
but She's gonna be okay.
Barbie brought her back.
It was incredible.
- Thank God.
JOE: Guys.
I think he might be the monarch.
The tornado went away right after
he finished sucking the air
- out of her chest, it was--
- Ew.
- No, that's not why the storm stopped.
- What?
It stopped because
I decided to come back.
Okay.
Look, something started it
and something stopped it.
But what do we do now?
We need to go to the dome.
Wh--?
The big dome.
Right. If these stars are really us,
then we have to go to the same Spot
on the big dome.
Under the North Star, due north.
That's right around
the Bollingwood Bridge.
And then what?
I don't know. Stuff happened
when we touched it together.
Okay, so the four of uS
need to do the exact same thing.
Enough guessing.
The dome owes us some answers.
So, what's the plan?
March right in, let her ambush us?
We're not going in the front door.
Julia Showed me another way
the day the miSSile hit.
- What are you doing?
- I'm giving uS a way out.
- It'S just an alarm clock.
- The hell do we need an alarm for?
BARBIE:
Just in case.
Let's go.
Julia'S car is gone.
I gueSS Barbie took her.
Oh, God.
I didn't think he could ever
go this far.
- How well do you know Barbie?
- I don't think anybody knows him.
Julia does. Or thought She did.
Peter Shumway...
He was in deep.
He bet the house. Literally.
- The house.
- And lost.
And Barbie was the collection agent.
Wasn't too polite about it either.
- Do you really think--?
- If Barbie killed Peter...
And then Julia found out.
JIM:
I don't know about this.
Would you just Shut your mouth
for once?
Hello, boyS.
Keep walking.
MAN: That's all they were packing.
- Jim killed my mother, Barbie.
I don't suppose he told you that,
did he?
- You two are just the same.
- I don't think SO.
You and me, though,
well, that's a different story.
- We were good together.
- No, we were never good.
You paid me, I did a job, that's it.
Well, it'S a good thing
you're handsome, brother,
because you sure are
thick sometimes.
What do you mean?
I mean, I'm giving you a chance
to live.
What, with you?
Max, you Shot Julia.
- She was never right for you anyway.
- You're the one who's not right, Max.
I had plans for you.
I trusted you
and you screwed me over.
You're no different from him
or from anyone else in this town.
- Look who's talking.
- No, that is not true, Jim!
I am nothing like you!
I am a survivor.
If you have plans to be somewhere,
then someone iS going to be
very disappointed.
[BEEPING]
BARBIE:
Get down!
Now we are all leaving.
Let's go. Go.
Julia'S here, but Barbie's gone.
They said that he took off with Big Jim.
Could be at the cement factory.
Max set up a fight club there.
Heard people say they lost money
on Barbie yesterday.
- Get out.
- Come on.
Linda, you cannot do this
by yourself, man.
You're not a cop, Phil.
I'll see you soon.
You're stealing my car.
I'm gonna go get our car.
I'll take them down to the station.
You don't wanna do this, I promise.
I already took care of your little
insurance policy.
You have no idea.
It'S over.
[MAN YELLS]
What the hell did you do?
AS long as Max was breathing,
She was a threat.
Now She's not.
And neither are you.
[G RU NTS]
[COUGHING]
Barbie, put that weapon down!
Put it down now!
- Linda, thank God! He'S gone nuts!
- He'S lying to you!
He killed them! First he cuffed them,
then he Shot them in the head!
I was next!
Back up, Barbie.
Put the weapon down.
Put your hands behind your back.
- You killed your last victim.
- Spread your legS apart.
You're done.
Linda, I'm telling you--
[G RU NTS]
Stop or I'll Shoot!
Shoot that son of a bitch!
JIM: Am I set?
- Two secs. Almost there.
- Hey, Jim?
- Yeah?
I heard something today.
From the outside.
It was about Barbie.
What are you talking about?
It was the military.
They know he's in here.
Tell me exactly what they said.
They said that he's the one.
The one that they've been looking for.
Turn it on.
ThiS iS Jim Rennie.
I'm sorry to report that this has been
a very dark day in Chester's Mill.
I need all citizens to be aware
and vigilant.
Today, Maxine Seagrave and
her business associate Otto Aguilar
were murdered,
shot execution style.
Many of you may have known Max.
She was a reputable businesswoman
from Westlake.
In addition, an attempt was made
on the life of Julia Shumway.
She suffered a gunshot to the chest
and may not survive.
There was also an attempt made
on my own life.
One person is responsible
for all this.
Dale "Barbie" Barbara.
A warrant has been issued
for his arrest.
He ’3 been charged
with the attempted murders
of Mrs. Shumway and myself.
He's also been charged
with the murders of Max Seagrave,
Otto Aguilar and
MS. Seagrave'S mother, Agatha.
Barbie is on the run.
He is armed and dangerous
and for those reasons,
I am declaring
a state of emergency.
ThiS senseless violence
will not be tolerated.
What Barbie did is not who we are.
Even now. Especially now.
When Barbie is taken into custody,
he'll be given a fair trial.
The government, the people,
will seek the death penalty.
Any bets on what will happen
when the four of uS touch it?
All I want iS answers.
Not a seizure or riddle.
Just answers.
All right.
Whatever happens, don't let go.
Dad?
Junior.
No!
Dad!
I gotta go find my dad.
Wait!
Did we all see the same thing?
- Big Jim?
- Yeah.
What the hell was that? I thought
we were coming here for answers.
We were, Joe. I think that was it.
- What was it?
- Maybe the dome's coming down.
First Big Jim haS to die.
And I think we're supposed to do it.